Support ToUndirected (#235)
neo4j/graph-data-science-client: changelog.md

  * `link_features` (only for LP models)
  * `node_property_steps`
* Added new convenience factory methods to create pipeline objects.

> * Added a new method `gds.graph.relationships.to_undirected` to turn a directed relationship type to an undirected, when using GDS >= 2.3.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a new endpoint `gds.beta.graph.relationships.to_undirected` to turn a directed relationship type to an undirected, when using GDS >= 2.3.0
```

> * Added a new method `gds.graph.relationships.to_undirected` to turn a directed relationship type to an undirected, when using GDS >= 2.3.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a new endpoint for the new procedure `gds.beta.graph.relationships.toUndirected` in GDS 2.3
```
